This programme contains strong
language and adult humour
We persuade him with the
carrot and stick approach.
Stick a carrot
up his fucking arse,
followed by the stick, followed
by an even bigger carrot.
Hello.
Ah, you got past mad
conference security then.
It's bonkers, isn't it?
It's like trying to get through
Israeli customs wearing a T-shirt
saying "I heart bombing Israel".
I had to wait for an hour and
they practically gave me a cavity
search. Only practically?
The disappointment
in your voice is palpable.
Oh, your bed's bigger than mine.
Your whole room's
bigger than mine.
Well, um, do you want it.
Mr Lover Lover, full marks for
foreplay there, Glen. Straight in.
Do I want your room? No. I just
thought they'd all be the same,
vanilla and monotonous.
Did you ask for your
special tiny kettle?
It's an electric thimble.
Maybe the room only looks bigger
because Glen's kettle is so tiny.
Has our people's champion arrived?
Have you spoken to her?
Is she all right? Oh, no, no, no.
She should be over it by now.
Her husband died four months ago,
so she's beyond the crying thing.
She's clearly not that over it,
she's leading a campaign
to change building regulations.
Seven people died when
that cafe collapsed,
she's entitled to her 15 minutes.
How do you think I should, um...
mention the tragedy
when I talk to her?
Just, sorry for your loss,
thoughts with you at
this very difficult time,
yada-yada-yada, without
the yada-yada-yada bit, obviously.
I'll need some
jokes for my speech.
Is that a good idea?
Not collapsing cafe jokes? No.
Shame,
I had a bunch of those.
Thought you could call them
the Little Chef Seven, you know,
special of the day, crumble.
That's not funny.
Good evening, minister.
I'm your press officer
at conference.
Nicola Murray. Hi.
How was your holiday?
Well, you know, we wanted to
go to Florida, but Malcolm
suggested we went to Suffolk
so the kids were miserable,
weather was miserable
and Malcolm rang and shouted
at me for looking miserable.
I saw the photos in the wellies
next to the horse,
"why the long face?" It was funny.
Or not. Depending on your
perspective. Things are looking up.
You're in Eastbourne now
which is the jewel
of our shit seaside resorts.
Clacton of the south west
they call it.
Anyway, I'm here
to meet Julie Prince.
Price. That's the fellow.
She's the, ah...
Applause monkey.
That's funny, the applause monkey.
Show some respect for fuck's sake,
her husband's just died.
I'm so sorry.
You're quite right.
I will now observe
a moment's silence.
John, do you know what the wifi
password is? I don't know.
No? No. But you've been here
a couple of days.
I haven't really had time.
Despite this calm exterior
I am not waving but drowning.
John, are you across this
thing about Peter Manyon... Yeah.
..lining up a second holiday?
Manyon, right, yeah.
Peter Manyon, my opposite number.
Yes.
You're going to push that
for the press for me, yeah?
I just want to remind people
that while he's criticising us
he's swanning around on
his friend's yacht.
Oh, OK. He's gay.
Oh, for fuck's sake. Jesus.
No, it's a hypocrisy thing.
In principal, yeah, but it
is conference so my "to do" list
is longer than a big willie.
Without wishing
to sound blunt,
actually, you know what, fuck it,
let's sound blunt, it is your job.
I'll do what I can.
That is a Duggan promise.
He's not going to do it.
Fucking useless.
He's got that fringe to hide
the lobotomy scars. Is that right?
I'm absolutely certain of it.
So what's the beard for?
Who is she by the way?
Oh, hello again. Ollie right? Yes.
She was married to one of those guys
who died when that cafe collapsed.
She's not going to cry on me,
is she? Get enough of that at home.
Glen says she's
changed her Facebook status
to single and up for it which
I believe is why Glen
brought her here in the first place.
Listen, John, it's an outside
chance that she may
just prefer to meet a human being
so I'm going to come down with you.
Good idea. You can buy her a coffee.
Maybe you could buy
her a "collapsaccino".
Might bring back memories of her
latte husband. As in late husband.
Yeah. We're like Dick and Dom.
Accept neither one of you are Doms.
Terri, hi it's me. Have you read
up about this Peter Manyon
second holiday thing on
the Dig Deep blog?
No, I haven't seen that.
Where's he off to?
Amalfi. So could you make a few
phone calls, see if you can
get it some press traction?
I can't do that.
That's party political matter.
You'll have to get
John Duggan onto that,
it's his responsibility.
The trouble is, that the only thing
Duggan is doing here is depriving
a village somewhere of a twat.
'I've heard he's about
as useless as a chocolate teapot.'
We shouldn't say that,
it sounds a bit racist.
Where are you?
Just on the way down to Hastings
to see my sister.
She's having trouble
shifting a piano,
so I'm working from home today.
You're not working and
you're not at home so,
as my 16-year-old would say,
you are totally busted.
We're thrilled
to have you on board.
Although, of course, terribly sad
about your news at the same time.
Yeah right, um... Yeah. You are?
John Duggan, press officer.
It is an honour. Maybe that's
pushing it a bit far but I mean
it's very nice to meet
a civi... a normal, as it were.
So have you seen the charms of
Eastbourne, whatever they may be?
Not really.
I've been working on me speech.
You've got a speech?
Right, well, no problem.
We'll have to get it cleared.
Do you have a copy of it on you?
Sorry about your loss
of your husband.
In the collapse of that,
of that cafe.
What have we got on the workplace
gym reward scheme?
Fighting obesity is one of
the biggest challenges we face,
sleepwalking into a crisis,
ticking time bomb...
You write almost entirely in generic
meaningless buzzwords, don't you?
I could take it more street
if you would prefer.
INDISTINCT
..but you know this is...
I don't want to come across all
nanny state and "death by chocolate
"is not a funny name for a pudding
it's a real and genuine concern".
I don't want to give the press
another opportunity to see me as
Mrs Sour Power Vinegar Tits Sucking
On A Lemon. Fine. I understand.
So, we'll sugar-coat it.
Well, leaven it ideally
with a couple of jokes.
Yeah, all right, no problemo.
Now? Jokes now?
Yes. OK. How about,
we want people to be fit,
not fit to burst?
I'll have to go down
the slapstick route.
Do the speech straight, but dressed
as Freddy Star's Hitler.
These are the worst pictures
I've seen, they really are.
I don't know who's taken them,
Roy fucking Orbison!
Oh, Malcolm? Yeah?
Have you seen Rob Holt's blog today?
Of course,
yeah, I read Rob Holt's blog.
I read all the blogs because
I'm an under-employed fat
fucking loser with nothing better
to do with my time than sit
in my bedroom like a fat space
hopper in a tracksuit
reading inconsequential
unspell-checked shit
fabricated by other
fat fucking losers.
Well, he's saying that the big
health numbers in the PM's speech,
they're from a false sample.
Apparently, they're lifted
from Andrew Dover's
blog not from the ONS.
I wouldn't take any notice.
There's nothing in that.
Nothing in it? Nothing at all.
I'll catch yous later, OK?
Sam, the health stats
fuck up is out there
and I don't know who's
doing it, but I want his
balls on a fucking plate.
Well, I don't know. Google goolies.
Nicola, this is Julie.
Thank you for joining us. What you
are doing is really important.
Well, hi. I'm your regional
photo opportunity for the day.
That's not, that's not the way
it is. I hope you appreciate that.
I was just kidding.
That's a good joke. That's what
we need in this room!
Julie's written a speech.
For today? Yeah.
What's that about then?
Well, basically, I start by doing
a tribute to me husband, Jason.
Uh-huh. And then we'll
move on to the campaign.
We get to the middle section
and I just want
to tell everyone how we're trying
to take that bastard to court.
You'll get that opportunity
to tell... Me and six women
whose husbands have died,
we're trying our best to do him,
but you know what that bastard did?
Tell me.
He sent everyone off the site
and changed the equipment.
He changed it to the
actual proper legal equipment
so we've got no proof.
What a bastard.
And, oh, God,
I'm sweating like a fat lass.
Maybe this isn't a great room
for you to be in.
We've got to write some stupid jokes
about a rich bloke on a yacht.
I've got more to tell ya, there's...
Yeah, I want to hear it.
I want to hear it.
Yeah, let's, we'll knock off
this stuff and then I'm with you.
Nice to meet you. Ollie's a lovely
guy, he'll look after you.
Yeah, look, I'm sorry, chief,
but there's no way that I can spin
these health stats, they're fucked.
We'll have to put something else
in the speech.
I don't know. What about the missus,
can we wheel her out again?
She has that thing about appearing
to be a normal human being,
that plays well.
Oh, hey, Malc, how's it hanging?
Like the Gardens of Babylon.
Do you know where
Lord Clarkham's room is?
No... I'm gonna try and stick his
balls in his fucking trouser press.
Oh, right. I see you've pulled.
Um, look, this is Julie Price.
She is the People's Champion that
Nicola is announcing in her speech.
Julie Price.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Are you being looked after
well enough? Yeah, not bad.
You stick with Ollie,
he's a good guy.
I know he looks a bit like
an anorexic Leo Sayer there...
Listen, can I have a photo
taken with you? Who me?
Yeah. I've got a little collection
of memories, you know...
OK. Mandela and stuff.
Ollie, would you be so kind
as to do the honour, good sir?
Do you mind if I...? All right?
Just... Oh, fucking higher.
All right.
Ee, you're a stunner!
No, you're a stunner.
You really are. Very impressive.
And I'm not the only one
who's impressed but the PM,
he finds you very impressive.
That's good. Great.
I think there is a point
in his speech today... Mmm.
..where he would be very honoured
to introduce you.
Um... Is that something that
would interest you? Yeah.
Yes, it might clash with Nicola's
championing of Julie's cause.
Oh, God. Look the nerves are getting
to us, I need to use your bog.
Yeah, that's the ladies, there.
Malcolm, you can't...
you can't do that.
She's our bonus track, she's our
DVD Easter egg, we need her for
the speech. Boo fucking hoo.
Can't do it now, Ollie. Yes,
but that's, what, in two hours? Two
hours think of a whole new speech?
Oh, welcome to the men's room.
Jesus Christ. Listen, it's this
simple, right. If she goes on
with Nicola, she'll be watched
by 15 housebound mouth-breathers.
Oh, and by the ever-swelling
ranks of the unemployed
who fucking hate us, by the way.
But if she goes on with Tom, she'll
make the ten o'clock news, right?
Julie, hi. Feel better?
Yeah, good. We should...
Now, what's it going to be, darling?
Do you want to go with the teasmaid
or with the caravan?
I'm going with the caravan.
That is the prime minister?
That is the prime minister.
Sorry, Ollie. It's nice to meet you.
Are you actually in the hotel or
are you...? Oh, I'm staying at...
So, joking aside - of course we
haven't fucking got those yet...
I know. But whatever they are,
it's now my great pleasure...
Right... We're just doing...
No, no, no, listen. What? Listen.
What? You know
when something bad happens and
you think it's not
as bad as you think...
Where's Julie?
Malcolm's commandeered Julie
for the PM's speech.
We bumped into each other...
What do you mean?
You're supposed to be looking
after her, for fuck's sake.
No, no, he hasn't. He can't...
We can't even fucking trust you
to babysit.
Malcolm took her... Just say no.
Just say no?
Don't you understand?
Babysitting...? Malcolm!
Fuck Malcolm.
Fuck Malcolm! Fuck Malcolm!
Fuck Malcolm! Well, um, that was
my initial reaction as well.
Deep breath, Nicola.
Yes, I know. Thank you, thank you.
Fuck off! Thank you.
Right, yes, what do you
want us to do?
Do you want your rescue remedy?
No. Fuck off.
Get me some ketamine, I want to
separate my mind from my body. Fuck.
Jesus Christ! Poor Nicola.
OK, right. I'm going to have to
talk to the bastard. Take some...
Yeah, that's right rip your shirt
off. Go on Braveheart, freedom.
What, have you got a text there?
Yeah. Be with you in a minute.
Listen, just casually mention
to Lindsay Anorexi at the Mail
that the PM has brought
Julie Price to the conference.
That's not strictly true though,
is it?
Well, Strictly Come Dancing
isn't strictly dancing, is it?
There's also a bit at the beginning
where an old man dribbles.
So what? I didn't really
follow that. My point is...
Oh, Glen. Right, OK, mate. Look,
I can see you're a tad peeved...
I'm not having it.
You've gone too far.
Hey, get a grip, Glen.
I didn't fucking come in your mouth.
Are you in on this? Oh, God no. No,
I'm just obeying orders, like a
Nazi guard. Only in a non-gassy way.
You're not Jewish are you? No.
Oh, good. Can you just take...?
Yeah. Why don't you go in here.
Some important people and biscuits
in there. Have a coffee.
Don't want to bring back bad
memories. What are you on about?
Your husband died in a cafe.
You can't just take her.
That's people trafficking.
Am I being threatened
by Harold fucking Bishop?
OK, look guys, can we just...?
Oh, shit, wow - here's the beige
fucking power ranger now.
Yeah, and we're taking her back.
Do not make this
a disciplinary issue.
Do you here me?
I fucking found her.
She was on the fucking news!
Get him out.
Can we get a bit
more sane about this, please?
This is not a fucking discussion.
All right, nobody argue, OK?
Arguments don't...
I am going to take...
Oh, fuck off. Fuck...
Jesus Christ.
All right, you've hurt yourself.
Oh, I've got so much on, as it is.
You hit me. I did not hit you.
I went to hit the fucking wall and
pulled my fist back and hit you in
the fucking face instead.
I think you've broken my nose. Oh,
no, no, that's just a scratch, mate.
Noses can't break. That's a myth.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Lean forward, you want the blood
to flow out
your nose, not down your throat
like a gurgling drain.
Don't touch me. Look at him.
Have you got a hanky?
John, let's get him back
to his room. OK, yeah.
Nobody saw that?
No, it's like when a fight starts.
You're just like, fight, fight,
fight! You all right? OK?
He's fine. He's all right.
He's got a nose bleed.
If you breathe a
word of this, right?
Mmm hmm. Listen to me Richard
Stilder you fucking jazzy bastard...
I am listening. Help me here.
Let's get noses supposes back
to his fucking... Where is he?
I don't know. Jesus Christ. Come on.
Yeah, it's all right, don't worry.
Oh, my God, Glen, what happened?
Well, I don't think Malcolm
saw my point of view.
Fair point. I got punched.
That is a lot of blood.
Is that normal?
We need a cold press, or is there
ice? Oh... What about the mini-bar?
Oh, God... Is there a...?
Yeah, look at that.
Oh, my God, everything's tiny.
Are you having a turn, Glen?
No, I mean the can is tiny.
Oh, OK. Sorry. The kettle is tiny.
Come and sit down.
Oh, that's better.
You look like a squeezed doughnut.
We need a flannel.
And some hot water
so I'm going to boil a kettle...
Look, I'm not having a baby.
No. No, and anyway it's
a bloody nano-kettle.
There is a hot tap, Nicola.
Jesus, what am I like? I mean, I
could make you a cup of tiny tea.
Right. Um, so there's the...
You want me to...?
OK, I'll have a go.
Um...put your head back.
I think Malcolm said, "Forward."
Is it forward?
I've always had childcare.
So, um can you try and keep
the bloody handkerchief away from
my dress... Yes. If you don't mind.
Oh, dear. It looks very sore.
I'm assuming we've lost
our People's Champion, yeah?
It felt like a "No" to me.
Did it feel like a "No" to you,
Glen? Oh, I think a "No".
I'm so fucked.
I've got an hour and a half.
With all due respect, Nicola,
there's a human aspect to all this.
I know, and you were very brave.
Just, realistically,
there is so little I can
do about it and I've got
to write the fucking speech.
So, Ollie,
could you get on with that?
Glen, why don't you come
to my room and lie down.
Put a towel down on the bed,
just... Jesus, Malcolm.
What? Oh, God. How is the patient?
I don't want to speak to you
right now, Malcolm.
I think you should leave.
Do you?
Yes. What, are you going to hit me?
I don't fucking hit women.
Except Glen, obviously. Just you
fucking leave Glen out of this.
Glen's been through enough as it is.
Listen, mate, I'm really...
I'm really sorry, right, I'm really
sorry about what happened in
the heat of the fucking moment.
I'm under pressure,
trying to plug a lot of leaks.
I had my finger in the dyke
but the dyke's very, very squirty.
Is it Fat Pat?
I've heard that she's a... Shut up.
We're old soldiers, right,
this is life in war time, OK?
I mean, every now and then
you're going to get an incident
of friendly fire.
Yeah? Yeah.
Good man. Yes. Good.
Now, you've lost Geordie Julie,
the merry fucking widow,
you've got a hole in your speech.
Have we got a contingency?
We'll figure it out.
Why don't I help you?
Let's roll some tits up the flagpole
and see if anyone gets wood.
Oh, Christ, it's like being trapped
in a fucking boys toilet.
Right, all we've got is Manyon's
second holiday. We need
to take the piss out of that.
OK, how about he's called
Peter two-holidays Manyon? Glen?
Um, he's, um, worked really hard
at planning his holidays.
That's really fucking quality
fucking explosive sarcasm you're
lobbing out there, mate. Boom.
I feel I'm in a therapy group
being run by my own rapist.
Right, OK, well how about...?
Oh, my God.
It's got out. No really? I thought
it was room service cold calling.
Who the fuck
is leaking this out there?
Find out who
is pissing this over the wall.
Well, the thing about the internet,
Malcolm, is it's quite big.
It's on Rob Holt's blog.
I don't know what he looks like...
You need to get your People's
Champion out of this hotel
before some tabloid mince flannel
starts soft-soaping her.
We've got her back now,
is that right?
Don't be so fucking touchy
about it. There's a lot
to fucking deal with.
She's my responsibility now.
It doesn't matter about
the speech, that's fine.
It doesn't fucking matter.
Women, huh? Women slam the door.
Where did this idea come from, huh?
Wilma!
Fuck off. I'm making a phone call.
Make a phone call.
Phone a fucking friend.
Hello. Terri, it's Nicola again.
We're at Defcom One or Five
or whichever the really bad one is.
You stupid pillock. Oh, boy racers.
Terri, can you harness that anger
and bring it down to Eastbourne?
I desperately need you
to come down and help me.
The problem is this party political
problem because I'm a civil servant
and I cannot possibly
be seen to have anything
to do with a party conference.
Terri, please. I am standing in
a factory that makes fans right,
and a man has walked in with a giant
shit spraying machine and you happen
to be bunking off work and not
very far away, so I need you here.
Listen, I've got a cagoule
in the back and I could
come incognito with the hood up
if that's going to help you out.
This is what my life's come to.
Exchanging hostages round
the back of the hotel. Yeah,
very nice to meet you, Julie...
And you. Thank you for coming
with me. That's all right.
The cruddiest spy film ever.
The Eastbourne Ultimatum.
We just thought we might just
get you out of the hot seat.
I'm allergic to dogs, I can't...
Come on!
But she's got a dog with her.
Yeah, that's Max.
She's got a fucking dog with her.
He's diabetic, four shots a day,
can't leave him anywhere. Get in!
As long as we're not
in the car for very long.
Now the dogs in. Is she going
to put Julie in the boot?
I'm gonna ring him.
Excuse me, your phone's ringing.
Yes?
Get a fucking move on. Where are you?
Never mind where I am.
I can see you and you're not in
the car and you're not driving away.
Go away.
And you should be, so fuck off.
Glen, come on, you have a bit more.
All right, Malc.
Watch your step, I don't want
you tripping up again! Absolutely.
D-Day. What is it Malcolm?
I thought you were
one of the boxers, not the MC.
No, no. It's just
I've got to show my face
at a few receptions this evening
including the Rod Hughes do for Tom.
Believe me I'd rather slip into
something a bit more comfortable,
like a fucking coma.
Malcolm, you've started
beating up your own guys.
That has to be a bad sign.
I didn't hit fucking Glen.
Why would I do that? And you've
got absolutely no proof that I did.
Yeah, whatever you say, Malcolm.
Look at this,
he doesn't flinch, does he?
We have a laugh that's all.
No, we're mates. We're pals, look.
Look at the size of him.
I wouldn't fucking hit him,
he's a fucking man mountain.
Hey, you saying I'm fat?
That's the banter.
Government department...
to govern... Fuck, how can I learn
this when you're still writing?
I feel sick. No, it's exciting!
The fact that you're hearing it
for the first time when you say it
will possibly give it a freshness
and a zing, you know...
You know this is politics as it is!
It's the West Wing.
You're not Josh. Write the speech.
Pull yourself together, Nicola.
Fucking am Josh.
Nicola Murray can do this, come on.
Wow, did you just refer to
yourself in the second
and third persons, they're...
Write the fucking speech. OK, yes,
I'm just slightly distracted by
all the Nicola Murrays in the room.
Hello Malcolm. Shite to see you,
to see you shite. Come with me.
Is this going to take long, Malcolm?
I'm really up against it.
Er, you're looking very
dapper by the way, very nice.
Like there'd been a Scottish
James Bond. Shut the fuck up.
Why are we coming in here?
I know you leaked the punch story.
Fistigate?
Don't call it that.
Where did you hear that?
Somebody said it was called
Fistigate, I said I didn't
realise it was called that.
Fuck. Fuck me. I... I didn't
leak anything, I swear to God.
You're not going to tweezer me,
are you?
No, no, no.
I'm just going to fucking kill you.
Why?
Because you told some spotty-faced
blogger that I hit Glen.
But I didn't.
But you would say that.
It can't have been me. I'd know if
it was me. Oh, I can't have been,
I would have known it was me.
Malcolm,
you're really scaring me now.
I'm scaring you? I'm so
sorry I'm fucking scaring you.
I mustn't scare you, must I?
OK, I'll just explain what I'm going
to fucking do to you.
I'm going to take your bollocks,
fucking rip them off,
fucking paint eyeballs on them
and I'm going to
stitch them onto a fucking sock
and use that as our mouthpiece.
Hope this is real vinegar.
Sure you don't want a chip?
Do you know any jokes?
I'll tell you what, the
chips down south are a joke.
I'll text me mate,
I'll see if she knows any.
You texting her now then,
your friend? No, I'm tweeting.
Tweeting? You mean like Twitter?
Just, er...
just want to get a pickled egg.
Hang on a sec.
Hi, Terri. Hi, listen, it's Julie.
She tweets. Hang on.
Julie tweets, what does that mean?
Twitter. Tweets on Twitter.
It's like a social networking site.
You type in a text but it goes to
anybody and anyone can access it.
And she's tweeting now, is she?
'She's tweeted.'
Right, find out what she's saying.
Hello. She's singing like a canary.
She's twittering about Terri.
Listen, it's too hot for me here.
I've got to get out. All right.
Look, I want out, Nicola.
OK, Terri, calm down,
I'm going to ring Malcolm.
This is no good for fucking pacing.
Malcolm, Nicola. Julie tweets.
Tweets on Twitter, say she's on
Twitter. She tweets on Twitter.
Christ on a cross trainer, Nicola,
Julie's the fucking leak.
I told you.
Get her back here right now
so I can loofah her to death.
Oh, what a day.
Is that her? Oh, no, two blokes.
Are you sure you don't want one?
You mightn't get another
chance to eat all day.
That is literally mashed up
Dalmatian head and sawdust,
you know that? Is it?
On the other hand
I am fucking starving.
Oh, here comes checkpoint Charlie.
She's over there.
I'm really sorry, Terri.
Yes, well the apology's noted.
Noted. Not accepted.
No, not accepted, noted.
Oh, you look awful.
Thanks. Do you want a chip?
I haven't got time for chips, Glen.
This is open territory, I'm
a sitting duck, I have to get out.
I know. Let's go, let's go.
No-one recognises you. She's over
there. OK, we'll look after her.
Come in, ladies.
Home again, home again, jiggedy jig.
Right, I'm just
going to use the loo.
Right, OK. Julie. Yeah?
Would you like a cup of tea?
Well, I might as well, there's
bugger all else to do. Okey doke.
Squeeze my cock and call me Nancy,
were you born in a barn, Glen?
Keep the door and your arse cheeks
fucking tightly closed, right.
Jesus Christ that's a tiny kettle
that, but you know what they say.
Where's glummy mummy?
Ah, she's having a pee.
Julie, how are you doing, all right?
Yeah, I'm great.
Busy, busy, busy. Lovely.
Oh, fucking hell, Malcolm.
Julie, darling, can we just
have a wee word with you?
Why? What's going on?
Do you know a guy called Rob Holt?
I've never heard of him.
Why? What's this about?
Well, it's just that he's one of
your followers on Twitter? Twitter.
And I think that some of your...
Tweets.
The tweets that you've been doing...
Yeah? They've actually been
reported out there.
What are you accusing us of? No, no,
we're not accusing you of anything.
You look like you're
accusing us of something.
You fucking sound like you are.
No, no, no. I've seen Spooks.
You have treated me
like a bag of shit all day.
I mean I'm a very,
very patient person but
I've had yous lot up to here.
I should've known not to
trust yous lot when yous fucked
over the Metric Martyrs.
All I was trying to do
was right by my Jason, right,
and if he was here now
he'd be fucking appalled
by the way yous lot are carrying on.
He always said you were
a useless bunch of wankers.
Oh, hello. Oh, you're back.
Excellent. Ha.
Every epic needs a hero.
Put tiny kettle on, lad, I'm gasping.
Everything OK?
What's, er, what's going on?
Ah, Malcolm, er, if you could
just come to the toilet with me.
Get rid of her. OK.
We go out there, we say our goodbyes
and we'll get Glen to go and
do the fucking desert burial, OK?
Yeah. You just try
and compose yourself.
OK. OK? Yeah.
Julie... Get rid of the
Geordie Pauline Fowler.
Put her on a train back to shit town
or wherever the fuck she came from.
Right, would you like
to come with me?
Ah, there's been a change of plan.
I'm taking them for the train.
No wonder the country's gone to
the fucking dogs. You. You two.
You'll not be there for long.
OK, do we have anything
that we can use against her?
There's the Metric Martyr stuff.
That is right wing, that's really,
that is an insanity signifier.
Fruit by the pound? Well...
That's what I've got to work with?
Fuck's sake. Fruit by the pound.
Watch and fucking learn, OK.
We say we're dropping her
because of extremist views, right?
And just don't mention that those
extreme views are how she feels
about the fucking finer points of
fruit and fucking veg merchandising.
You shouldn't work
for that lot, you know.
I know. I know. They're all nobs.
I don't really, you know.
Did you enjoy anything
about today? Na.
You've taken out all the
references to the People's Champion?
Yep. Yep, yep, and I've added a
whole page on Manyon's holiday...
Yeah, good. Plus, jokes.
Funny jokes. Funny jokes.
Funny jokes. I'm a funny man. I
have my texts read out on Five Live.
They're good. Is it done?
Glen, what have you touched?
Nothing. I didn't do anything.
Christ, the wifi's out.
What page were we up to?
Eight. Excellent.
You're watching Nicola's speech
with me and Angela?
You're my brother from another
mother. That's the kind of thing
we do. Sounds like fun.
It will be fun, I've ordered some
punch. You better get a move on,
you're late. I know. I know.
Right, grab the speech. Let's go.
There you go. Good luck.
Thank you.
Fingers crossed. Have fun.
They grow up so fast, eh?
Right go, go, go, go. Go.
How did the vodcast
with Helen Mirren go?
Yo, twat features. Hang on.
Hang on. I mean that literally.
There's this Julie Price woman,
turns out she's a little bit
fucking unstable, you know,
extremist views.
We'll have to let her go.
Of course. It's just that, er...
Andrew Dover, the blogger...
He's just going to go and spread
that over the internet, yeah?
Well, probably.
Job done.
I'm away for a game of crazy golf.
Love those fucking windmills.
Hit the full stops.
Don't run through anything. I don't
know what that means. Stop.
Stop at the full stops,
it will sound good in the hall.
I won't gabble. What if they boo me?
'But local people
finding their own solutions...'
She looks lovely.
'Having a real say over the future
of the places where they live.'
Well done. Well done, indeed.
Some lovely stuff in there,
I thought. Yeah.
I thought it was pretty
good, actually, yeah.
Praise indeed from the Scottish
Simon Cowell. Ha ha. Ah, thank you.
What happened to the jokes?
I didn't say the jokes.
Glen may have given me
the wrong number.
We missed a whole page of
Manyon jokes.
Not my fault.
You said we were up to eight,
I printed from nine. You said
where are we up to, I said eight.
But we were up to seven. You should
have gone from eight.
You went from nine?
That would've been good, it would
have just added a bit of Bob Hope
to all the doom and the gloom.
Maybe next time, eh?
Well, you said we were up to page
eight but we were in fact up to...
No I didn't. I said FROM eight.